Update Topology Manager for 1.18 (#19050)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/topology-manager.md

{{% capture prerequisites %}}

{{< include "task-tutorial-prereqs.md" >}} {{< version-check >}}
In Kubernetes versions 1.16 and 1.17, the Topology Manager feature gate must be enabled manually via the Kubelet `--feature-gates` flag.

> Please see documentation related to the Topology Manager [`feature gate`](#topology-manager-kubelet-feature-gate) for more details.

Reviewer: I'm not keen on this. The text “feature gates” should be a hyperlink to https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/ - see other pages for how this is typically done.

Given the `{{< version-check >}}` shortcode, it's OK to assume that readers have the feature enabled.

The selected hint is stored as part of the Topology Manager. Depending on the policy configured the pod can be accepted or rejected from the node based on the selected hint.
The hint is then stored in the Topology Manager for use by the *Hint Providers* when making the resource allocation decisions.

> ### Topology Manager Kubelet Feature Gate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enable the Topology Manager feature
```

As of Kubernetes version 1.18, the Topology Manager feature gate is enabled by default. 

> For Kubernetes versions 1.16 and 1.17, the Topology Manager feature gate must be set via the Kubelet flag, `--feature-gates=TopologyManager=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running Kubernetes v1.16 or v1.17, you must run the kubelet with `--feature-gates=TopologyManager=true,...` to enable this feature.
```

Alternative 1 (maybe post release): backport this advice to the v1.16 and v1.17 documentation, and have the documentation in _master_ signpost readers there.
Alternative 2: skip telling readers how to enable it, as the page tells them they need a v1.18 cluster.

Using this information the Topology Manager calculates the optimal hint for the pod and stores this information, which will be used by the Hint Providers when they are making their resource assignments. 

### Known Limitations

> 1. The maximum number of NUMA nodes that Topology Manager will allow is 8, past this there will be a state explosion when trying to enumerate the possible NUMA affinities and generating their hints.

Reviewer: Optional tidying:
```suggestion
1. The maximum number of NUMA nodes that Topology Manager allows is 8. With more than 8 NUMA nodes there will be a state explosion when trying to enumerate the possible NUMA affinities and generating their hints.
```

Using this information the Topology Manager calculates the optimal hint for the pod and stores this information, which will be used by the Hint Providers when they are making their resource assignments. 

### Known Limitations
1. The maximum number of NUMA nodes that Topology Manager allows is 8. With more than 8 NUMA nodes there will be a state explosion when trying to enumerate the possible NUMA affinities and generating their hints.

2. The scheduler is not topology-aware, so it is possible to be scheduled on a node and then fail on the node due to the Topology Manager.

> 3. Currently, the Device Manager and the CPU Manager are the only components to adopt the Topology Manager's HintProvider interface. This means that NUMA alignment can only be achieved for resources managed by the CPU Manager and the Device Manager. Memory or Hugepages are currently not considered by the Topology Manager for NUMA alignment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The Device Manager and the CPU Manager are the only components to adopt the Topology Manager's HintProvider interface. This means that NUMA alignment can only be achieved for resources managed by the CPU Manager and the Device Manager. Memory or Hugepages are not considered by the Topology Manager for NUMA alignment.
```
(I've borne in mind the style' guide's recommendation to [avoid statements about the future](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-statements-about-the-future))
